2/10 email (#38)
dolthub/weekly-updates: emails/2023-02-10.md

This is the weekly CEO update from [DoltHub](https://www.dolthub.com/). I'm Tim, the CEO of DoltHub. 

> This week, we had [an iconic video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb2AvF8XzII&t=128s) feature us as one of the 15 future databases. Thanks [Fireship](https://www.youtube.com/@Fireship)! For this week's joke, I'm just going to ask [you watch the first 5 seconds of the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb2AvF8XzII&t=128s). Fireship is funnier and more daring than I could ever be in this email.

Author: ```suggestion
This week, we had [an iconic video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb2AvF8XzII&t=128s) feature us as one of 15 future databases. Thanks [Fireship](https://www.youtube.com/@Fireship)! For this week's joke, I'm just going to ask [you watch the first 5 seconds of the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb2AvF8XzII&t=128s). Fireship is funnier and more daring than I could ever be in this email.
```

### Dolt for Backups

> Astute reader will notice a lot more content focused on how and why to use Dolt. We've done a good job building a great product people are interested in.But we haven't done a good enough job explaining how and why to use it. We're making a concerted effort to change that this year, starting with written blogs, because that's what we're best at.

Author: ```suggestion
Astute readers will notice a lot more content focused on how and why to use Dolt. We've done a good job building a great product people are interested in. But we haven't done a good enough job explaining how and why to use it. We're making a concerted effort to change that this year, starting with written blogs, because that's what we're best at.
```

> In service of the above theme, we have [Dolt for Backups](). This could have been called Dolt your dumps but that was a way worse title. This article explains some of the features you get using a detailed example if you store a copy of your MySQL dumps in Dolt. Like [the binlog replication](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2022-12-16-coming_soon_binlog_replication/) I've been touting, this is purely additive, you cans still run MySQL. Get time travel, and audit log of every cell, and the ability to clone for development just by sticking a copy of your dumps in Dolt.

Author: ```suggestion
In service of the above mission, we have [Dolt for Backups](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-02-06-dolt-backups/). This could have been called Dolt your dumps but that was a way worse title. This article explains some of the features you get, using a detailed example, if you store a copy of your MySQL dumps in Dolt. Like [the binlog replication](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2022-12-16-coming_soon_binlog_replication/) I've been touting, this is purely additive, you can still run MySQL. Get time travel, an audit log of every cell, and the ability to clone for development just by sticking a copy of your dumps in Dolt.
```

> ![Dolt your Dumps](../images/mysqldump-dolt.png)

Author: ```suggestion
[![Dolt your Dumps](../images/mysqldump-dolt.png)](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-02-06-dolt-backups/)
```

### Dolt for Game Development

> And again with how and why, this time by [Zach](https://www.dolthub.com/team#zach) about using Dolt in game development. We have a couple game development customers and it has really streamlined their development process. Dolt allows you to treat game configuration like code and test it on branches. This blog shows you how.

Author: ```suggestion
And again with how and why, this time by [Zach](https://www.dolthub.com/team#zach) discusses using Dolt in game development. We have a couple game development customers and it has streamlined their development process. Dolt allows you to treat game configuration like code and test it on branches. This blog shows you how.
```
